docs: Add docs for unusable ce credentials (#1734)
seqeralabs/docs: platform-enterprise_docs/compute-envs/preflight-checks.md

## Validation process

Platform runs four tiers of validation:

### 1. Compute environment creation and update checks

Runs synchronously when you create a compute environment, and when you update a compute environment to use different credentials. Platform reads the persisted status of the selected credential. If the credential has been deleted or is marked `INVALID`, Platform rejects the request with a `400 Bad Request` that names the credential and the recovery step, instead of saving a compute environment that fails later. The check runs before any provider validation.

> This check does not apply to compute environments that use a managed identity, because no credential is attached.

Reviewer: A small optional suggestion on scope. "When you update a compute environment to use different credentials" is accurate, though I wonder whether a reader arriving from a support case might take it to mean that any edit is blocked. From what I can see only the newly selected credential is checked, and swapping a broken credential for a working one stays available as a recovery path. If you think that's worth spelling out:

```suggestion
This check does not apply to compute environments that use a managed identity, because no credential is attached.

On update, Seqera Platform checks only the newly selected credential. Seqera Platform does not block other edits, such as a name or description change. To restore a compute environment whose credential has failed, replace the `INVALID` or deleted credential with a working one.
```

:::note

> This check is not gated by `TOWER_PREFLIGHT_CHECK_ENABLED`. It reads the persisted credential status regardless of the flag setting. The pre-flight flags control only the processes that write the `INVALID` status, such as the background credential validation and the manual **Validate** action.

Reviewer: One thing I wanted to raise: I think the last sentence may not be quite right. `TOWER_PREFLIGHT_CHECK_ENABLED` appears to gate readers of the status as well as the processes that write it. The flag table in [Enable pre-flight checks](#enable-pre-flight-checks) above notes that when the flag is `true` Platform "rejects launches against `INVALID` credentials or compute environments" and "the compute environment creation picker hides `INVALID` credentials" — both of those read the status, and both stop when the flag is `false`.

If that reading is correct, would it be worth reframing the note around this new check being the exception, the one reader that ignores the flag? That would also give room to mention something admins may run into: with the flag off, creating a compute environment ends up stricter than launching one. A possible rewording, if it helps:

```suggestion
This is the only check that reads credential status regardless of `TOWER_PREFLIGHT_CHECK_ENABLED`. Every other consumer of the status is gated by that flag: the launch-time rejection, the compute environment creation picker, and both validation crons. When `TOWER_PREFLIGHT_CHECK_ENABLED` is `false`, Platform rejects a new compute environment that uses an `INVALID` credential, but does not block launches against a compute environment that already uses one.

The check only takes effect where credential validation has run at some point, because nothing else writes the `INVALID` status. On an installation where both flags have always been `false`, every credential is `AVAILABLE` and this check never fires.
```

Reviewer 2: I would take out the second sentence in your suggestion for concision
